23:24. I've just had a terrifying realization- if I maintain my current deadline (08.08.2026/2028 at most),
By the time I'm finished, a lot will have happened. 
By that time, both me and Stormwind (will probably change her nickname later) might go through something traumatic.
I'm not going to lie, age might influence us in many negative ways as well.
No, I don't think Obsession will stop once she surpasses the age of 25.
It'll either stop on its own or use anything else it knows about her to make her like more, not less.
So, what does this mean? This means I have another reason to hurry the heck up.
See? Obsession can be useful. I will now finish my masterpiece before the fire of the youth burns up. One way or another.
...Am I actually shooting for it...? Probably not. But... you never know. 
Either way, it would be nice to finish Eskaso before I die of old age (as if that's going to be my death cause)
Now, let's see what I've got on my plate today.
Holy shit.
Oh, the things we do for love.

23:34. It's spelled "collision". Fuck you- I'm not doing walls today. Unless she posted something that's somehow related to walls.
Hell, let's just check her twitter real quick. I might even do Dash Economy if I can find the implication.
...What am I supposed to do with that?
A fly... Fly.... FLY. FLY- YELLOW. We're doing YELLOW. WE'RE DOING YELLOW THANK YOU STORMWIND.

0:13. if com==PINK {} else sprite_index=com.soul; Error- PINK doesn't have a soul. What.
0:39. I like a failure. I mean, the mechanic works, but it doesn't even have a visual yet.
This is not nearly good enough. I must work on something else, Stormwind. I can't let this day end like this.
0:42. Can I do a one-two? Brief Respite and Rubicon? Refill zones and checkpoints?
OH, YOU DOUBT ME, STORMWIND? Of course you don't. You don't even know I exist.
And even if you did- if you did understand how these things work, you probably wouldn't doubt me.
Goddamit, stop rubbing it in. I KNOW IT'S A SIMPLE THING, OKAY?
0:53. Rubicon works pristinely. cuedir works weird with The 16, though. ONE THING AT A TIME.
1:01. BRIEF RESPITE DONE ON THE FIRST TRY ARE YOU PROUD OF ME STORWIND 'COURSE YOU'RE NOT OH MY THIS IS PATHETIC
...It's kind of like that time I had Kalim watch over me. Any second now, I'll feel a phantom girl hug me from behind.
No. I'm not falling into the same trap twice. Stormwind is a real person. 
I do not seek her approval with my work. I am doing this for myself. I should be the one proud of myself.
Because if I'm not aware of my own worth, how can I expect Stormwind to see it?
But then again, she doesn't seem to see even her own worth. And she has made it in this world.
...Stormwind. I will accomplish what I set out. And I WILL feel proud.
I can do better than you.
And I hope you will at least follow me in that.