So, I've recently played Depression Quest.
Its epilogue sent me on a bit of a path
and
well

I learned that depression very likely never truly ends.

This is my life now.

My first reaction was the closest I ever got to wanting to end it all.
It's all so terrifying. I usually don't want to actively quit living, but...
My mind scares me. I'm losing my train of thought.

All this time, I just assumed things would eventually get better on their own.
I don't think even my parents are aware of this implication.
Why was this hidden from me all this time?!

However...

It's also... kind of liberating.
If you think about it, it's not the first thing that's going to be with me for the rest of my life.

I am a transwoman. I don't owe anyone a justification for that.
I am autistic. I can say it without a doctor's approval. 
And I have depression. And it's a part of my identity. And I intend to carry it with me for as long as it likes.

For some reason, I feel inspired. 
I know how unstable these things are, but still-

I intend to write a letter of sorts to my parents- completely in feminine-
Describing the fact that I have depression- what it is, that it is likely permanent,
That while I am normally skeptical of self-diagnosis, I realized that I can't live up to
the expectations of neurotypical people. That would be living a lie.
And, finally, that after learning all this, I realized that 
I simply can't afford to wait any of it out.
I refuse to put a timer on my right to be recognized as what I am.
And that even though I am so pathetically weak that I didn't even have the guts to tell them all this in person,
And that sometimes I might simply not have the strength and self-respect to assert myself,
That I ask them to at least trust me and show me basic respect and understanding.

And unless they absolutely need to hide it from someone...
...I will not respond to anything but "Nadya".
Or "daughter". Or "dear" in feminine. I must let them know that it hurts me very time they call me something else.

I suppose I could also finish off with giving them a list of resources where they can read up more
on each of these topics.

Phew. That's going to be a long letter, isn't it? Oh well. Finally time to put those writing skills to use.
Also- finally something useful I can occupy myself with for a bit.
But probably not today. I'll try putting on some music and making some progress on that Kalim animation.
I'm actually feeling okay now. I should take advantage of that.

Oh, and I will obviously come out to my brother after that.
And to my best friend and maybe a future lover if I'm reeeeeeally lucky.

I know I won't pussy out this time. Only procrastinate.
Because nothing inspires me more that feeling that I've got no choice!
(it would be fitting to also create a yet another folder)