"Rails And Sleepers" - Gameplay Reimagined

 Visualization:
Kalim is speeding through a lane when a Kom comes behind her. She barely notices him before he charges back.
If she gets hit, she'll be dragged back because of static generated by Eskaso's impact.
She'll be let go shortly after, but she'll lose precious time.
However, she can cue him back right before impact with a StressWave - penalty?
Or she can simply move to a different lane, but that will leave Kom open for a riposte.
"You can avoid your problems, sure. But wouldn't it be easier to actually deal with them?"
 Visualization over.
 
Kalim can't ever stop moving now. Every moment is important.
But don't think for a moment that if you succesfully handle all your problems, you'll just make it.
You won't. Life is cruel.
You'll have to either run over the PINKS that refill your timer a little,
or drag them over to you. There'll be PINKs in the environment that are only accessible through EV.

The turrets will be given less indication- 
The player will usually only see the flash of light indicating danger that can appear from any direction.
Due to the diverse nature of the shots, Kalim has the ability to temporarily slow down to a halt to dodge any close shots.
She can still cue in 8 directions, but not when stopping (same sprite as when damaged except the eye's open) 
Also, StressWave acts more like a shield now.
So, she can block shots too, I guess. Good thing, too. Cuz they slow her down for a moment and drain her timer.
Shots can be grabbed just like PINK- and used against enemies- they still hurt Kalim, though. And they're fast.

Traps are now usually really small and only give slight indication of their existence (except for the giant glowing ring)
They still slow the girl down, they can be destroyed with shots, and they aren't too bad overall.
It's still better if you never touch them, though. It takes like half a second to dash out of them.

Bombs are mostly like bumpers except they like to hop around the rails because their AoE hits Kalim from a very large distance.
And they come back very quickly when cued- almost instantly, in fact.
So, they aren't like bumpers at all.

But, unless we're the irresponsible kind of Iconoclasts... We must adress some issues.
Q: What does YELLOW do now? A: It freezes your timer for a bit. Attacks still do their thing.
Q: BLUE? A: Same as before, stupid. Immune to attacks, but the time's still ticking,
Q: PURPLE...? A: Okay, this is fun: it turns Kalim into a ball of "astral" energy that follows the cursor:
She can still be hit by everything, and the time's still ticking, but she can be literally anywhere on the screen.
As long as she remembers to gather the energy and avoid Hysterias, she should be fine.
Q: BOSS FIGHTS?! A: Come on, there's only two boss fights. I'll figure something out when I get there.
Q: THIS IS NOT AN ANSWER! A: And this is not a question.