3 sectors, each with 4 enemy types... except Power, which has 3.
I know that I should prioritize learning curve over such superficial things, but...
Oh, and don't forget that speed is important! 
Throwing a Nice Guy into the second level right off the bat? Too much information to hold at that point.

...Alternatively, I could throw in a fifth enemy type in Discovery.
I am extremely apprehensive about such extensive measures, though.
And yet... information overload would kind of help the aesthetic. Fear. Discovery is scary. Information is scary.
The problem remains, though: Visual? Mechanic? Name? Effort...?

According to the Principle of Limited Masoshism, I should make this type the simplest one yet.
Pursuers bump, Towers damage, Safety Nets slow down, Nice Guys do the first two and maybe even the third.
In other words, it's a perfect opportunity to introduce something actually new. Yes. New things are scary.

A scary flying monster...? A teleporting eye...? Nurturers...? Yeah, that last one would be a nice callback.
What ties all three stages together? Allies. It only makes sense to connect the two.

Draft 1: "Obsession". Creepily wraps its arm around an ally from behind, immobilizing them. An "improved" Nurturer, whose emotional chip went haywire.
The allies are too disturbed to even look at it, let alone shake it off. Vi will still be able to break free in case Kalim is drained, though.
The only way to get rid of it is to hit an ally with a wave of energy. 
So, throw them a PINK or something. Give Obsession's eyes a pink glow to serve as a hint. Maybe show it sucking out PINK.
The ally will then shake it off in a single frame, but the thing will return soon after, circling the screen.
The player's best bet is to continuously cue it outside the screen before it finds its target.
Not even YELLOW is a permanent solution, though. Once it appears, it stays for the remainder of the level. Obsession never truly goes away.
Easy enough to program, but 16+~4(+cape if included) frames might be a bit much- oh, who am I kidding? There's no way I can come up with anything better.