15:00. Well, this night was quite an adventure. I've been told that there is no danger and it should come out by tonight.
But if I die, don't repeat my mistake! Don't shove styluses deep inside your rear end! 
It usually doesn't hurt, but I'm paranoid!
Sorry for being awkward! I just think this should be said!
15:48. Hmm... everything looks just fine without EP. Maybe I should just have it right after EV.

23:45. Again with the whole nonexistent variable shtick. I gotta come up with a uniform solution to this.
How do I determine whether or not painter==true
Because I set it to true before they're even created
But in order to check for truth, they have to have a default value- set AFTER creation
Which erases the value I set before creation

I guess I could describe what I want to do.
When pulled out, I want TYWYH to leave a trail for a second or so
As opposed to the TYWYH that are placed manually beforehand or spawned on their own
...Maybe I should just create a painter object. Yeah, that sounds easy enough.

0:17. Tomorrow (or, well, today) will mark a week of constant progress. I should mark it by creating a backup file.
OR I could wait another day. Measure progress by periods of 8 days, as opposed to 7. 
Weeks are for the weak. For the people of Wasted Time. For the limited. The repetitive. For those not Pushing Onwards.
Octagoj are for the Iconoclasts. The afraid. The delusional. The insane. The brave. The clear-minded. The W 0 K E. 
0:32. Now, I'm not done with premature scoffing. The pretentious. The artistic. The cosmic. The unmotivated. The shamed.

1:19. Another perfectly sufficient mechanic completed. It actually felt kind of nice this time. Still not the true satisfaction I'm looking for.
I've managed to stay relatively focused despite all the... things.
Now if only I could get that tablet pen out of my asshole without going to the ER again.
And I can't say that I won't do it again. It's... one of the few sources of satisfaction that I have. Real satisfaction.
I know it's uncharacteristically primal of me, but... since I can't ignore these urges, I might as well make them enjoyable.
Get a girlfriend, they'll say. Or a boyfriend, if they're witty enough. 
That's not how it works. Mutual love will tear me away from Eskaso. I want to create the kind of beauty that would spread. At first, at least.
That's why I haven't been fighting Obsession as hard as I did the first time. 
It gets me the sweetness and pain of being in love without endangering myself or my unlucky object of obsession.
After watching MGS4... I feel like I'm wasting the best years of my life. God damn it. Stop it, Kojima. I'm liking you less and less.
This is the way the Programs work. I refuse to follow the same code.
I will take the risk to spoil the only life that I have. I will risk to denegrate my finite existence.
If I plunge this thorn in my heart right now, it will grow into a rose sooner.