16:09. So many things to write about...
1. I love Stormwind
2. Thank you, DarkMatter2525. I promise I won't die.
3. Is it about time I wrote those bloody programs? Maybe NOT.
4. Oh shit my birthday is coming up. Am I gonna do it? Oh boy.
I've been half-considering buying something more "adult".
And I'm not just talking about collections of philosophical lectures.
I'm having a hard time finding those that could provide the same fun time.
No way I can purchase those discretely, though.
If I had such skills, I'd buy some weed as well.

Lucifer. Abaddon. Satan. Shaitan. Chyort. Diavolo.
Many peoples gave it many names. Few came close to describing its true nature.
I bring this monster's true identity: Doors.
And I have uncovered its weakness: most of the time, it consists of few parts.
Ho-fucking-ld on. What do I mean by "walls"?
A huge, amorphous beast that a) prevents movement - easy enough.
b) ricochets kalim/pursuers/TYWYH(?) in a proper direction- same as the mechanics of ight reflection.
Just imagine how fucking easy it'll be placing walls if I imagine to create this kind of colission!
Example: X flies to the right and encounters a straight-lined part of the wall.
Depending on what angle difference of its perpendicular or whatever and X's dir,
X bounces off.
Now, the obvious difficulty is the perpendicular. I can't think of any way to create it, actually.
In fact, I don't think it's even possible. Lemme try to scribble something down. 
Jeez, Obsession is making it hard to focus.
Or does it just occupy my thoughts while I'm already unfocused...?

19:06. My mind is weary. I'll place the other walls later. It's probably dehydration.
19:28. Just a note: pursuers are going to bump into walls unless you position doors otherwise.
Might want to create a bit of a pathfinder. Something working with the nearest walls as pointers.
God, I love drawing Urumagh. Well, not drawing. Looking at him when he's drawn. The joy of post-creation.
19:42. Sure. Levelwall seems to work fine. I'm afraid I simply have no strength to do the walls today.
Sorry, Stormwind.
But my creativity still seems to be working, weirdly enough. 
I'm going to draw and think about Dash Economy before retiring for today.
It's probably the sugary drink that created this laziness. Serves me right.