19:08. I'm going to charge up my bowels and have one final battle down there. The pain is faint so far.
Sorry for these kinds of notes. All the more motivation to get this over with.

Baby, baby, one more time:
Alpha Blink - Д 0 И 3
Cue Overhaul - Nice and sudden
Cue/Bump redifferentiation
Dash Economy

I still have no idea how to implement Alpha Blink, but at least I have the motivation to create that idea!
ABt, ABtmirror, ABtmin, ABtmax. ABt works just like t except it's *ABtmirror, which *=-1 when ABt==ABtmin/ABtmax
Now that I have the tools, how the fuck do I use them? image_alpha=ABt/ABtmax?
...That sounds way too simple. No way it's going to work on the first try.
20:02. It worked on the first try. But I guess I could play around with min so that it never reaches zero.
20:44. It's fine. Except I'll probably need to come up with a better timerframe.

21:02. Now, I COULD start the Cue remaster by dividing the screen into three and assigining Eskaso a position depending on which one houses the mouse
OR I could make it so that the camera's orientation will remain fixed while RMB'ing is going on (Or, perhaps, just EV)
OR I could congratulate myself on all the work I've done this Octago and relax by reducing the disturbingly quickly compiling list of plot redactions.
...Ah, I'm going to end up doing all three, aren't I? WHY AM I DISAPPOINTED ABOUT THIS? BE GRATEFUL FOR YOUR UNHEALTHY AND MISPLACED MOTIVATION!

21:40. B oy, do    I miss w r i tin g.
Let's write something about my progress so far. Since I first started working on Eskaso as a project on 08.08.2018,
I came from nothing but memories of Cueless to an actually fun prototype. 
If you doubt what you can do in a little over 2 weeks of free time, refer back here.

Since the start of my accidental marathon on 17.08, I:
Built a neat-looking timer
Created fully ready to go PINKs
Created 2 enemy types that mostly just need some sprites and collission and they're ready to go
Fine-tuned the movement
Created a mechanic almost as fun as Dash- Energy Vampire.

Here's to the whenever the fuck I feel like it- probably tomorrow tbh- when I decide to make the game's main mechanic- Cue- fun.