14:24. I'm going to try to take a break from everything for a bit today. Then... I'll start thinking.
14:57. I'm feeling calmer. More ready to make decisions. More focused. But only a tiny bit.

I really need to think up a better way to keep track of these. Sticky notes.
I feel like solving a mystery today. Let's see why this Light is so stubborn.
15:14. Okay, I guess I should've taken advantage of my color assignment practices.
I can't EV it anymore, though. Is the game falling apart already?
Nope, I just used ==! instead of <>.  Works fine now.
Still want to fix some things. What's up with bumping?
Is it a good idea to have every Kalim's Collision event with every single object inside her?
Nah, There should really be a more sensible solution to this.
Hmm... I think it might be this accursed if self==kalim. FINE. I'll make a different c_bump for creeps.
I MEAN PURSUERS I'M SORRY. Huh. I didn't intend for them to allude to this same thing.
15:28. Nice and easy.

PROGRESS SO FAR SO THAT I MIGHT FEEL SOME SATISFACTION
Light now lights up correctly and can be EV'd again
Bump works fine.

Nah, still not feeling it. Oh well. Maybe if I create something new after fixing stuff.
You know what? If The 16 are going to have the same hitbox, the sliding is pretty damn smooth, I'd say.
NOW, THE TRUE CHALLENGE. RICOCHET. But I'm sick of this name. I hereby give you the title...
Moonstruck.
Didn't expect that, did you?
If I stick a silly name on something I hate, I might come to find some joy in it.
I don't think this works another way around.
16:43. If I was capable of learning from my past experience, I'd retire for a bit in face of this dir issue.
16:59. ...I did it? The solution was so easy- I just went an extra step...!
...Which is why I feel stupid and not satisfied. I wanna feel satisfied. Is it game o' clock yet?

I feel like I'm going to become a lot more dependant on video games for satisfaction.
My sources of it are being stripped away. I hope it won't come to drugs. 
And if it will, I hope I'll at least learn to be discrete enough to buy the illegal but harmless ones.
Actually, if I ever become this desperate and numb, I'll probably just buy a dildo or something.
Or start flagellating. Or harming myself. Or give up. Point is, satisfaction is super important.

BUT ENOUGH OF THAT CUZ WALLS ARE DONE!!! I FEEL NO SATISFACTION!!!
No, I'm not at my limit yet. Let's do doors.
17:23. Genius break:
Door description:
The millisecond it's crossed, it slams shut, freezing everything inside the room it sealed almost instantly.
As they're getting sealed, they get darker/obscured by foreground.
The symbolism: The door is closed. The page has turned. The past is in the past. Everything is fine now. Move on.