Energy is even more fleeting than I realized. God, I'm terrible.
I'm so sleepy and disoriented. I don't know how I'm planning to pass the test tomorrow.
I think something happened to me recently. Maybe it's the pills, maybe not, but...
Like, I stopped trying. I'm not stressing out anymore. I just accept the thoughts that flow through my head.
Okay, I'm making it sound way more serene than it really is. I still feel like everything is wrong.
But, the point is... Obsession is on its way out. I can feel it. Feel free to laugh at me if I turn out to be wrong.
But instead of it came something much scarier. It's scarier because it's actually achievable.
I want a boyfriend.
That felt weird to write. I guess this was the first time I've ever thought about it this way. 
I have no idea why I'm only now so sure of it. I thought I had reflected on it already and found nothing, but apparently not.
I guess all that pro-LGBT attitude may have been coming from a selfish, albeit dormant, place after all.
But that hardly matters now. My mind is occupied with a couple of more important questions:

Will I try to find a boyfriend?
How is that even supposed to happen? I barely even talk to people. And even then we somehow have to understand each other's orientations.
If I do, will that inhibit Eskaso?
Should I give up on Eskaso? It would solve so many problems... But it's my dream.
Eskaso is my way to say so many things to so many people... It should compensate for all my shyness. It's my soul.
Not to mention, I can't think of any job that doesn't absolutely suck. I have no idea what else to do with myself.

God, I just want to ramble about how much I want to have someone to be there for me.
Also, even if I do ever come across someone that'd show interest in me in this fucking country...
How likely is it that they would be only interested in sex? Or be polygamous? I'm afraid that's just a deal breaker for me.
I want exclusivity and deep romantic involvement from both sides. Is that too much to ask for...?
Being demisexual doesn't help, either. Ugh. What do I even do? And don't even try to tell me to use a dating app or something.
Not only am I terrified of putting myself out there like this, but the idea of becoming intimate with a stranger like that...
Ugh. No. Don't even try. I'm at a loss. I'm useless. I'm actively blocking all my ways to happiness.
Maybe, just maybe... I'll get moved to a city dorm with a cute-ass roommate. That would be heaven.
As for now, though... I'll just have to work and study while only hinting at my sexuality to the bigots and potential partners around me.